---
layout: post
published: true
title: "[转贴]最佳免费软件"
tags: []
categories: 非技术    
description: 
summary: "原文见： http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html 因为要穿墙，贴到这里。 Best Freeware GuidePublished 4/1/2006 by S"
---
原文见：

[http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html][http_seetips.blogspot.com_2006_04_best-freeware-guide.html]

因为要穿墙，贴到这里。

### Best Freeware Guide ###

Published 4/1/2006 by SWC | E-mail this post   


  


--------------------

I'll post this list of the best freeware that will be constantly updated and have things add things to it. This first time around will just be the basics without too much in-depth detail. Please leave comments, I've worked on this for the last 2 hours, so anything will be appreciated. **Please click title to read the full post**, I'm having some troubles with the Full Post tags and all these views are slowing it down.  
  


Index  
[\----Internet----][----Internet----]  
[\----Security----][----Security----]  
[\----Digital Imaging----][----Digital Imaging----]  
[\----Multimedia----][----Multimedia----]  
[\----Computer Tools----][----Computer Tools----]  
[\----Desktop----][----Desktop----]  


  


\----Internet----  


  
  
**1. Best Browser**  
  
Firefox hands down is my favorite browser, being safer than IE and highly customizable. Automatic updates, faster browsing, better pop-up blocking, tabbed browsing, an integrated search bar, and live bookmarks are just some features of this browser. Another popular browser is Opera which includes many of the same features as Firefox.  
  
[FireFox][]  
[Opera][]  
  
**2. Best BitTorrent Client**  
  
Azureus is a java bittorrent client offering multiple torrent downloads, queuing/priority systems (on torrents and files), start/stop seeding options and instant access to numerous pieces of information about your torrents. Azureus now features an embedded tracker easily set up and ready to use. uTorrent is a lightweight (Very) and efficient BitTorrent client that includes bandwidth prioritization, scheduling, RSS auto-downloading and Mainline DHT.  
  
[Azureus][]  
[uTorrent][]  
  
**3. Best Multi Platform File Transfer Utility**  
  
Shareaza is a great program that connect to 4 P2P networks, EDonkey2000, Gnutella, BitTorrent and Gnutella2 (G2).  
  
[Shareaza][]  
  
**4. IP Blacklist/Blocker**  
  
Was going to put this under Security, but it's a MUST for anyone using P2P. PeerGaurdian integrates support for multiple lists, list editing, automatic updates, and blocking all of IPv4, TCP, UDP, ICMP, etc, making it the safest and easiest way to protect your privacy on P2P<. Lite version is made to consume as little CPU and RAM as possible. It has no UI or options and consists of a single tray icon.  
  
[PeerGaurdian][]  
[PeerGuardian Lite][]  
  
**5. Best FTP Client**  
  
Two amazing FTP clients that each include a great deal of features are FileZilla and SmartFTP  
  
[FileZilla][]  
[SmartFTP][]  
  
**6. Best Chat Program**  
  
Two that stand out are Gaim and Trillian, both are multi-platform. Gaim is compatible with AIM, ICQ, MSN Messenger, Yahoo!, IRC, Jabber, Gadu-Gadu, SILC, GroupWise Messenger, and Zephyr networks. While Trillain is a skinnable chat client that supports AIM, ICQ, MSN, Yahoo Messenger, and IRC. Trillain also includes many features not included in those chat programs.  
  
[Gaim][]  
[Trillian][]  
  
**7. Best Phone/Talking Software**  
  
These programs allow you to call people for free and talk with them, all you need are headphones and a microphone. Skype adds encryption and has excellent sound quality, an addon, SAM, adds voicemail functionallity.  
  
[Skype][]  
[SAM][]  
  
**8. Best Download Manager**  
  
There are many, but the ones that work great are FlashGet, GetRight, and Free Download Manager. All split up files and increase the download by 100-600%, they can also resume broken downloads.  
  
[FlashGet][]  
[GetRight][]  
[Free Download Manager][]  
  
**9. Best Gmail Filetransfer**  
  
There are a couple programs that use that Gmail space of yours to upload your files and make backups of them.  
  
[Gmail Drive][]  
  
**10. Best Email Client**  
  
Another from Mozilla, Thunderbird, is a full-featured email client, that includes a spam filter, anti-phishing protection, enchanced security, and auto updates.  
  
[Thunderbird][]  
  
**11. Best Blogging Poster**  
  
w.bloggar is a great blogging tool that includes a template and post editor that works with many blogging sites, including Blogger. Unlike other blogging tools, this ione doesn't require you to have your blog on an ftp site, but can log in and post.  
  
[w.bloggar][]  
  


**----Security----**

  
  
**12. Best Anti-Spyware**  
  
A few stand out, mainly Spybot, Ad-Aware, Windows Defender, and Spyware Blaster. The first three are scanners each with their own special tools including realtime scanning, encrypted file deletion, and history erasor. Spyware Gaurd is more of a realtime scanner (Like Anti-Virus) of spyware while you're downloading. Spyware Blaster is different in not being a scanner, but prevents spyware from installing on your computer in the first place (Spybot includes a robust version of this). All four programs are recommended since each is not 100% efficient.  
  
[Spybot][]  
[Ad-Aware SE Personal ][Ad-Aware SE Personal]  
[Windows Defender][]  
[SpywareGuard][]  
[Spyware Blaster][]  
  
**13. Best Anti-Virus**  
  
A few come to mind, but my favorite is AVG from Grisoft, which includes updates, real time scanner, and an email scanner. Another good one is AntiVir PersonalEdition Classic which includes many of the same features. Do keep in mind that free anti virus clients are not up to par with paid ones according to testings.  
  
[AVG][]  
[AntiVir PersonalEdition Classic][]  
  
**14. Best Firewall**  
  
My favorite by far is ZoneAlarm which is simple for begginers and contains a barrage of features for more advanced users. Another option is Sygate Personal Firewall includes all the same functions for the same price.  
  
[ZoneAlarm Free][]  
[Sygate Personal Firewall][]  
  
**15. Best Anti-Malware**  
  
Ewido really helps stop hijackers, spyware, worms, dialers, trojans, and keyloggers. It includes a great scanner and realtime scanner. Some features are disabled in the free version, including the realtime scanner, auto updates, self-protection, and memory scanning, but all these are included in the 15 day trial which can be reinstalled.  
  
[Ewdio][]  
  
**16. Best Diagnostic Tool**  
  
Ultimate Boot CD is an amazing bootable CD to restore a crashed computer and can fix it.  
  
[Ultimate Boot CD][]  
  
**17. Best Disk Cleaner**  
  
I couldn't believe my eyes after I ran CCleaner, it removed around 1.5 Gigs in unused application data and internet cach (Which I thought I removed through the disk cleaner). This truly amazing utility cleans out your computer safely and even scans and removes obselete registry data, speeding up your system. You might want to turn off cookie deletion if you save your passwords on forums and such.  
  
[CCleaner][]  
  
**18. Best File Deleter**  
  
Eraser is an advanced security tool (for Windows), which allows you to completely remove sensitive data from your hard drive by overwriting it several times with carefully selected patterns.  
  
[Eraser][]  
  
**19. Best File Encrypter**  
  
Three stand out, GNU Privacy Gaurd, TrueCrypt, and Blowfish Advanced CS. GNU is a full replacement of PGP that is totally command line based, and not for beginnners. On the other hand, Blowfish Advanced CS offers multiple algorithms, efficient data compression, and safe key handling for content protection. TrueCrypt can create virtual encrypted disks, can encrypt an entire hard disk partition or a device, such as USB flash drive, and provides two levels of plausible deniability, in case an adversary forces you to reveal the password.  
  
[Blowfish Advanced CS][]  
[TrueCrypt][]  
[GNU Privacy Gaurd][]  
[Guide to GNU Privacy Gaurd][]  
  
  


**----Digital Imaging----**

  
  
**20. Best Image Editor**  
  
A few stand out, mainly The GIMP and Paint.NET. GIMP is more like Photoshop and there is a seperate version that renames GIMP tools to the ones in Photoshop. Piant.NET replaces the simple MS Paint program and adds tons of features and includes many of the things Photoshop has. Inkscape is an Open Source vector graphics editor, with capabilities similar to Illustrator, Freehand, CorelDraw, or Xara X using the W3C standard Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) file format  
  
[The GIMP][]  
[GIMP Shop][]  
[Paint.NET][]  
[INKSCAPE][]  
  
**21. Best Image Viewer/Editor**  
  
IrfanView supports many formats of images and includes some plugins that allow it to view many other formats such as videos, flash, and some audio formats. Picasa, on the other hand, differs in being able to edit photos and searches your computer for photos.  
  
[IrfanView][]  
[Plugin/Addons][Plugin_Addons]  
[Picasa][]  
  
**22. Best 3-D Modelling/Animation/Rendering**  
  
Foreget Maya, Blender is the open source software for 3D modeling, animation, rendering, post-production, interactive creation and playback.  
  
[Blender][]  
  
**23. Best Color Capturer**  
  
Color Schemer ColorPix is a useful little color picker that grabs the pixel under your mouse and transforms it into a number of different color formats. You can use the built-in magnifier to zoom in on your screen, click on a color value to copy it directly to the clipboard, and even keep ColorPix on top of all other apps and out of the way. Also, it doesn't require installation and is a tiny program.  
  
[Color Schemer ColorPix][]  
  


**----Multimedia----**

  
  
**24. Best Virtual Drive**  
  
If you ever wanted to run that .iso or any other CD image without having the CD or DVD in the drive just use DAEMON Tools. Do not install the adware toolbar!  
  
[DAEMON Tools][]  
  
**25. Best DVD Descrambler**  
  
Well the name says it all, DVD Decrypter allows you to copy DVDs to your hard drive and re-encode them to MPEG1 (VCD) or DivX. DVD Decrypter can also write most types of CD / DVD images via its 'ISO Write' mode.  
  
[DVD Decryptor][]  
  
**26. Best DVD Compressor**  
  
ratDVD takes a full featured DVD-9 movie and puts it into a highly compressed .ratDVD container format file of about 1.x GB in size - while preserving all the features of the original DVD.  
  
**27. Best CD/DVD Burner**  
  
CDBurnerXP Pro and DeepBurner are two fully featured DVD and CD burners and can create .iso's from them. Both are amazingly fast and meet all your needs.  
  
[CDBurnerXP Pro][]  
[DeepBurner][]  
  
**28. Best Video Player/Codec Pack**  
  
Basically, the K-Lite Mega Codec Pack will play every video file on this planet.  
  
[K-Lite Mega Codec Pack][]  
[K-Lite Codec Pack Full][] (Less features)  
  
**29. Best Audio Player**  
  
Winamp and foobar2000 comes out on top as the best audio players. ml\_ipod is a plugin that uses Winamp to support your iPod. Winamp DSP Enhancer increases the quality and depth of your bass and treble, but not just making them louder but by filtering out any distortions and other bad stuff. foobar 2000 s an advanced audio player for the Windows platform. Some of the basic features include full unicode support, ReplayGain support and native support for several popular audio formats. Not to mention it's tiny size.  
  
[Winamp][]  
[ml\_ipod][ml_ipod]  
[DSP Enchancer][]  
[foobar2000][]  
  
**30. Best Audio Editor/Ripper**  
  
Audacity is a free and gull featured audio editor and recorder. As for grabbing audio from CDs , Exact Audio Copy is the solution, although it's not for beginners.  
  
[Audacity][]  
[Exact Audio Copy][]  
  
**31. Best Audio Converter**  
  
Often called the Swiss army knife of audio, dBpowerAMP is able to convert your audio files to convert between audio formats whilst preserving ID Tags.  
  
[dBpowerAMP Music Converter][]  
  
**32. Best XviD/DivX Converter**  
  
AutoGK is an amazing program that converts Xvid and DivX formats of video to many others, at the same time compressing them and it includes many other features.  
  
[AutoGK][]  
  


**----Computer Tools----**

  
  
**33. Best Hard Drive Analyser**  
  
JDiskReport is an amazing program that provides many different graphs and information on what's stored on your computer.  
  
[JDiskReport][]  
  
**34. Best Software Collection**  
  
TheOpenCD includes many freeware programs and open source programs that are essential to anyone.  
  
[TheOpenCD][]  
  
**35. Best HTML Editor**  
  
Based off the firefox source, NVU, made by Linspire is a great HTML editor that is amazing for its price, much unlike the expensive Dreamweaver and Frontpage.  
  
[NVU][]  
[NVU Features][]  
  
**36. Best Desktop Searcher**  
  
There are many, but my favorite is Google Desktop Search, with a plethora of features. Such as searching (Duh?), news, maps, notepad, gmail notifier, and many other features.  
  
[Google Desktop Search][]  
  
**37. Best Compression Tool**  
  
Although there's many, a few stand out, mainly 7-Zip and IZArc. 7-Zip supports: 7z, ZIP, CAB, RAR, ARJ, GZIP, BZIP2, Z, TAR, CPIO, RPM and DEB. IZArc supports many files including: 7-ZIP, A, ACE, ARC, ARJ, B64, BH, BIN, BZ2, BZA, C2D, CAB, CDI, CPIO, DEB, ENC, GCA, GZ, GZA, HA, IMG, ISO, JAR, LHA, LIB, LZH, MDF, MBF, MIM, NRG, PAK, PDI, PK3, RAR, RPM, TAR, TAZ, TBZ, TGZ, TZ, UUE, WAR, XXE, YZ1, Z, ZIP, ZOO. Both also include many other features.  
  
[IZArc][]  
[7-Zip][]  
  
**38. Best Benchmarking Tool**  
  
EVEREST Home Edition is a freeware hardware diagnostics and memory benchmarking solution for home PC users. It offers the world's most accurate hardware information and diagnostics capabilities, including online features, memory benchmarks, hardware monitoring, and low-level hardware information. Sadly, this free version has been discontinued, since they want to make some money on their corporate version (Which is understandable).  
  
[EVEREST Home Edition][]  
  
**39. Best Office Suite**  
  
The best one out there is OpenOffice.org. It includes many of the same features as MS Office and more.  
  
[OpenOffice.org][]  
  
**40. Best Process Viewer**  
  
Process Explorer is a incredible program that shows you information about which handles and DLLs processes have opened or loaded.  
  
[Process Explorer][]  
  
**41. Best Coding Tool**  
  
For those computer programmers, PHP Designer 2005 and Notepad++ are great programs that include syntax highlighting and syntax folding. PHP Designer supports: PHP, HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript, Java, Perl, JavaScript, VB, C\#, Java & SQL. Notepad++ supports C, C++, Java, C\#, XML, HTML, PHP, Javascript, RC resource file, makefile, ASCII art file (extension .nfo), doxygen, ini file, batch file, ASP, VB/VBS source files, SQL, Objective-C, CSS, Pascal, Perl, Python, Lua, TCL, Assembler, Ruby, Lisp, Scheme, Properties, Diff, Smalltalk, Postscript and VHDL. And that's the tip of the iceberg for both programs, they contain tons of features.  
  
[Notepad++][Notepad]  
[PHP Designer 2005][]  
Other good ones (That also work with AutoIt scripting):  
[Crimson Editor][]  
[SciTe][]  
[PSPad][]  
[TextPad][]  
  
**42. Best .pdf Reader**  
  
Foxit Reader is small (the download is less than 1MB), so it downloads quickly. It doesn't need any installation, so you can start to run it as soon as you've downloaded it.  
  
[Foxit Reader][]  
  
**43. Best Linux**  
  
Ubuntu and Kubuntu are two of best and most well known linux distros out there and include a barrage of programs. Another good one is Damn Small Linux, which is 50mb and can run off your USB flash drive.  
  
[Ubuntu][]  
[Kubunu][]  
[Damn Small Linux][]  
  


**----Desktop----**

  
  
**44. Best Dockbar**  
  
ObjectDock is the main program for this and can be highly customized. Another, Y'z Dock, has similar functions but was discontinued as a result of Apple's intervention.  
  
[ObjectDock][]  
[Y'z Dock][Y_z Dock]  
  
**44. Best Widget Engine**  
  
Yahoo! Widget Engine is your solution to Windows widgets, it's highly customizable and there's thousands of available widgets.  
  
[Yahoo! Widget Engine][Yahoo_ Widget Engine]

--------------------

#### [3 Responses to “Best Freeware Guide”][3 Responses to _Best Freeware Guide] ####

1.  **Anonymous**  on [4/02/2006 12:33 PM][4_02_2006 12_33 PM] [ ][Link 1]
    
    Not bad... i do disagree on the best dvd "descrambler" though. DVD Shrink is by far the best for copying a copyrighted DVD onto another DVD. Or to compress video to fit on one DVD. You should try it out.
2.  **[jambarama][]**  on [4/02/2006 6:05 PM][4_02_2006 6_05 PM] [ ][Link 2]
    
    Good list. I'd add to AV - ClamWin. It is a terrific Windows port of the Open source ClamAV. It is lightweight, doesn't consume (hardly any) system resources. Along with that, WinPooch is a great anti-malware program. It allows clamwin to do realtime scanning (if you want) and it really gives you more power over you system than anything else. HijackThis is also pretty good anti-malware.  
      
    For firewalls - sygate (gone now) and Kerio have been nicer for me. They've consumed less system resources than ZoneAlarm, though ZA is good stuff.  
      
    CinePaint (built on GIMP) is spectacular. It's been used in movies such as Spiderman, Elf, Looney Toones, and Planet of the Apes. I'm sure there is a Windows port out there.  
      
    For audio - foobar2000 is the best. It encodes, rips, burns, plays any non-drm format, has a masstagger, supports tabbed play lists and everything else you'd ever want for less than 5mb. No plugins necessary. It is also the lightest player I've ever used.  
      
    If you are suggesting openoffice (good suggestion) I'd l ike to encourage you to look at bluefish for  
    html editing. It is almost as nice as NVU and a lot more stable.  
      
    Other honorable mentions - virtualdub, VLC, media player classic are some great video players/encoders.  
      
    Again good list, keep up the good work!
3.  **Bonk**  on [4/02/2006 7:26 PM][4_02_2006 7_26 PM] [ ][Link 3]
    
    Getright and Flashget aren't in my view free since they have ads.  
    Also the K-lite codec pack illegally distributes many of its codecs without permission,  
    AutoGK violates the mpeg4 patents, and DVD decrypter is probably a violation of the DMCA.  
      
    RatDVD makes files that are of VERY degraded quality compared to the original, but there are situations where it could be useful. Desktop and laptop hard drives are cheap though, and so are DVD blanks so usually you are better to keep the full quality. Just people should be aware that this isn't like mp3 where a 190ish VBR file is almost impossible to tell from the original. Compressing a DVD even to a DVD-5 can sometimes suck the life out of it, and compressing it to <2GB does reduce the quality.

 


[http_seetips.blogspot.com_2006_04_best-freeware-guide.html]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html
[----Internet----]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#internet
[----Security----]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#security
[----Digital Imaging----]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#image
[----Multimedia----]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#multimedia
[----Computer Tools----]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#tools
[----Desktop----]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#desktop
[FireFox]: http://www.mozilla.com/firefox/
[Opera]: http://www.opera.com/
[Azureus]: http://azureus.sourceforge.net/
[uTorrent]: http://www.utorrent.com/index.php
[Shareaza]: http://www.shareaza.com/
[PeerGaurdian]: http://phoenixlabs.org/pg2/
[PeerGuardian Lite]: http://phoenixlabs.org/pglite/
[FileZilla]: http://sourceforge.net/projects/filezilla/
[SmartFTP]: http://www.smartftp.com/
[Gaim]: http://gaim.sourceforge.net/
[Trillian]: http://www.ceruleanstudios.com/
[Skype]: http://www.skype.com/
[SAM]: http://www.kishkish.com/
[FlashGet]: http://www.amazesoft.com/
[GetRight]: http://www.getright.com/
[Free Download Manager]: http://www.freedownloadmanager.org/
[Gmail Drive]: http://www.viksoe.dk/code/gmail.htm
[Thunderbird]: http://www.mozilla.com/thunderbird/
[w.bloggar]: http://wbloggar.com/
[Spybot]: http://www.safer-networking.org/en/index.html
[Ad-Aware SE Personal]: http://www.lavasoft.de/software/adaware/
[Windows Defender]: http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=435BFCE7-DA2B-4A6A-AFA4-F7F14E605A0D&displaylang=en
[SpywareGuard]: http://www.javacoolsoftware.com/spywareguard.html
[Spyware Blaster]: http://www.javacoolsoftware.com/spywareblaster.html
[AVG]: http://www.grisoft.com/doc/289/lng/us/tpl/tpl01
[AntiVir PersonalEdition Classic]: http://www.free-av.com/
[ZoneAlarm Free]: http://www.zonelabs.com/store/content/catalog/products/sku_list_za.jsp?dc=12bms&ctry=US&lang=en&lid=nav_za
[Sygate Personal Firewall]: http://www.sygate.com/
[Ewdio]: http://www.ewido.net/en/
[Ultimate Boot CD]: http://www.ultimatebootcd.com/
[CCleaner]: http://www.ccleaner.com/
[Eraser]: http://www.heidi.ie/eraser/
[Blowfish Advanced CS]: http://www.hotpixel.net/software.html
[TrueCrypt]: http://www.truecrypt.org/
[GNU Privacy Gaurd]: http://www.gnupg.org/
[Guide to GNU Privacy Gaurd]: http://www.dewinter.com/gnupg_howto/english/GPGMiniHowto.html
[The GIMP]: http://www.gimp.org/
[GIMP Shop]: http://plasticbugs.com/?page_id=294
[Paint.NET]: http://www.eecs.wsu.edu/paint.net/
[INKSCAPE]: http://www.inkscape.org/
[IrfanView]: http://www.irfanview.com/
[Plugin_Addons]: http://www.tucows.com/preview/415586
[Picasa]: http://picasa.google.com/
[Blender]: http://www.blender.org/cms/Home.2.0.html
[Color Schemer ColorPix]: http://www.colorschemer.com/colorpix_info.php
[DAEMON Tools]: http://www.daemon-tools.cc/dtcc/announcements.php
[DVD Decryptor]: http://www.filehippo.com/download_dvd_decrypter/
[CDBurnerXP Pro]: http://www.cdburnerxp.se/
[DeepBurner]: http://www.deepburner.com/
[K-Lite Mega Codec Pack]: http://www.codecguide.com/about_mega.htm
[K-Lite Codec Pack Full]: http://www.codecguide.com/features_kl.htm#full
[Winamp]: http://www.winamp.com/
[ml_ipod]: http://www.mlipod.com/index.php
[DSP Enchancer]: http://download.nullsoft.com/customize/component/2001/10/8/P/Enhancer.exe
[foobar2000]: http://www.foobar2000.org/
[Audacity]: http://audacity.sourceforge.net/
[Exact Audio Copy]: http://www.exactaudiocopy.de/
[dBpowerAMP Music Converter]: http://www.dbpoweramp.com/dmc.htm
[AutoGK]: http://www.autogk.me.uk/
[JDiskReport]: http://www.jgoodies.com/freeware/jdiskreport/index.html
[TheOpenCD]: http://theopencd.org/
[NVU]: http://www.nvu.com/
[NVU Features]: http://www.nvu.com/features.html
[Google Desktop Search]: http://desktop.google.com/
[IZArc]: http://www.izarc.org/
[7-Zip]: http://www.7-zip.org/
[EVEREST Home Edition]: http://www.filehippo.com/download_everest_home/
[OpenOffice.org]: http://www.openoffice.org/
[Process Explorer]: http://www.sysinternals.com/Utilities/ProcessExplorer.html
[Notepad]: http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/uk/site.htm
[PHP Designer 2005]: http://www.download.com/PHP-Designer-2005/3000-7957-10353130.html
[Crimson Editor]: http://www.crimsoneditor.com/
[SciTe]: http://www.scintilla.org/SciTE.html
[PSPad]: http://www.pspad.com/en/
[TextPad]: http://www.textpad.com/products/textpad/index.html
[Foxit Reader]: http://www.foxitsoftware.com/pdf/rd_intro.php
[Ubuntu]: http://www.ubuntu.com/
[Kubunu]: http://www.kubuntu.org/
[Damn Small Linux]: http://www.damnsmalllinux.org/
[ObjectDock]: http://www.stardock.com/products/objectdock/
[Y_z Dock]: http://www.filehippo.com/download_yz_dock/
[Yahoo_ Widget Engine]: http://widgets.yahoo.com/
[3 Responses to _Best Freeware Guide]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#comments
[4_02_2006 12_33 PM]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#comment-114399559372195410
[Link 1]: http://www.blogger.com/delete-comment.g?blogID=22701215&postID=114399559372195410
[jambarama]: http://www.blogger.com/profile/10665299
[4_02_2006 6_05 PM]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#comment-114401551128368731
[Link 2]: http://www.blogger.com/delete-comment.g?blogID=22701215&postID=114401551128368731
[4_02_2006 7_26 PM]: http://seetips.blogspot.com/2006/04/best-freeware-guide.html#comment-114402038542401401
[Link 3]: http://www.blogger.com/delete-comment.g?blogID=22701215&postID=114402038542401401